Hello, and welcome to my course,
Continuous Delivery and Automation on AWS for DevOps Engineers.
My name is Fernando Medina Corey, and in this module,
we'll be looking at how we can design a source
control strategy using AWS CodeCommit.
In this module, we'll be looking at some DevOps fundamentals,
including why you want to learn DevOps and what DevOps is, as well
as what the term CI/CD is and what it means.
From there, we'll look at some version control systems that we could use,
specifically looking at Git in a little bit more detail and some
of the essentials that we have around them.
And, some basic concepts that we'll need to understand when
we're working with the Git version control tool.
We'll also be looking at forking and branching and how we can use that
later on to get the most out of our DevOps tools.
Then, we'll look at some different repository hosting tools,
including AWS CodeCommit.
And finally, we'll look at how we can use CodeCommit inside of AWS.
Throughout this,
we'll have a few different demos that'll get you hands on
with all of these different concepts. So, let's get started.